README.md, before:

# PowerSimulations

This repository is meant to host a set of tools to perform energy systems analysis, mainly electric power systems in a modular fashion. It contains different models and approaches to find a solution. 

These tools have different objectives: 

- Provide a flexible modeling framework that can accomodate problems of different complexity and at different time-scales.

- Construct large scale optimization problems in an easier way and avoid repetition of work when addind complexity to the modeling. 

- Exploit Julia's capabilities enable the solution of difficult problems with increased the computational performance.  

## Installation

This package is not yet registered. **Until it is, things may change. It is perfectly
usable but should not be considered stable**.

You can install it by typing

```julia
julia> Pkg.clone("https://github.com/NREL/PowerSimulations.jl")
```
## Usage

Once installed, the `PowerSimulations` package can by used by typing

```julia
using PowerSimulations
```

- ed_models: Contains models and modifiers for the [Economic Distpatch (ED) Problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_dispatch). 

- expansion_models: Contains models for the power system expansion problem. Most of the models are based on the book [Investment in Electricity Generation and Transmission](http://www.springer.com/gp/book/9783319294995). 

- uc_models: [Unit Commitment Models](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_commitment_problem_in_electrical_power_production)

- Notebooks: Jupyter notebooks with detailed description and example code for the different models in MEMFS. Also contains some notebooks that explore advanced concepts in renewable energy integration.

Commit message:

adding contributing and updating README

README.md, after:

# PowerSimulations

PowerSimulations.jl is a Julia package for power system simulations. The objectives of the PowerSimulations package are:
- Provide a flexible modeling framework that can accomodate problems of different complexity and at different time-scales.

- Streamline the construction of large scale optimization problems to avoid repetition of work when adding/modifying model details. 

- Exploit Julia's capabilities to improve computational performance of large scale power system simulations.  

The flexible modeling framework is enabled through a modular set of capabilities that enable scalable power system analysis and exploration of new analysis methods. The modularity of PowerSimulations results from the structure of the simulations enabled by the package:

 - _Simulations_ define a set of problems that can be solved using numerical techniques.
  
 
 - _Problems_ are generated by expressing _model formulations_ against [_system data_](https://github.com/NREL/PowerSystems.jl)
 
For example, an annual production cost modeling simulation can be created by formulating a unit commitment model against system data to assemble a set of 365 daily time-coupled scheduling problems. 

### _Simulations_ enabled by PowerSimulations:
 - Production Cost Modeling
 - Capacity Expansion Modeling - _TODO_
 - Load Flow and Contingency Analysis - _TODO_

### _Model_ formulations contained in PowerSimulations:
 - [Unit Commitment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_commitment_problem_in_electrical_power_production)
 - [Economic Distpatch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_dispatch). 
 - [DC Power Flow](https://www.mech.kuleuven.be/en/tme/research/energy_environment/Pdf/wpen2014-12.pdf)

## Installation

This package is not yet registered. **Until it is, things may change. It is perfectly
usable but should not be considered stable**.

You can install it by typing

```julia
julia> Pkg.clone("https://github.com/NREL/PowerSimulations.jl")
```
## Usage

Once installed, the `PowerSimulations` package can by used by typing

```julia
using PowerSimulations
```

## Development

Contributions to the development and enahancement of PowerSimulations is welcome. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/NREL/PowerSimulations.jl/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for code contribution guidelines.


## License

PowerSimulations is released under a BSD [license](https://github.com/NREL/PowerSimulations.jl/blob/master/LICENSE). PowerSimulations has been developed as part of the Scalable Integrated Infrastructure Planning (SIIP)
initiative at the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory ([NREL](https://www.nrel.gov/))
